# deco3801-project

Welcome to ExpressedCode's project repository

# About the project

AI Expressed is an online cloud-hosted Wiki Game with a twist: all the articles are generated by OpenAI's GPT-3 AI model as the user inputs the words. This project aims to explore the limits of AI text generation through a fun and interactive way by letting users generate Wikipedia articles on the fly as they try to reach a destination article.

This is the repository contains code to launch your own instance of mediawiki on AWS.

# How to run

To start, use `yarn install` and `yarn deploy-data` to launch an instance of AWS EC2 and an SQL instance of AWS RDS ensure to configure your aws credentials before attempting this. Then when the AWS instances have been deployed, ssh into the EC2 instance, clone this repository, and run the `steps.sh` file in /src/scripts. This installs the necessary software within AWS EC2 such as NGINX, PHP, ImageMagick, Mariadb, and Mediawiki.

You now have a choice of whether to continue using the AWS RDS instance as the backend, or a local MariaDB instance set up within EC2. To configure them, enter the url of the EC2 instance into your web browser (which should look like "http://ec2-..."). This will lead to the mediawiki configuration page where the database can be set up.

## Useful commands

* `npm run build`       compile typescript to js
* `npm run watch`       watch for changes and compile
* `npm run test`        perform the jest unit tests
* `cdk deploy`          deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
* `cdk diff`            compare deployed stack with current state
* `cdk synth`           emits the synthesized CloudFormation template
* `yarn deploy-data`    deploys RDS and EC2 instances
* `yarn deploy-docker`  deploys EC2 for use with docker
* `yarn create-bundle`  creates a browserify bundle of javascript source code

# Live implementation
URL: www.aiexpressed.xyz

# Used software

* AWS - Amazon RDS, Amazon EC2 (https://aws.amazon.com/)
* MediaWiki (https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Download)
* GPT-3
* Nginx
* PHP7.4
* Docker
